Welcome to introduction to cybersecurity.
Congratulations, you have just stepped into the very first lesson of the course.
Have you ever been hacked?
Most of us have been in one form or
another that's why we have such a need to learn security.
Many organizations are looking for qualified security professionals too.
After this welcome lesson,
we will start with a brief explanation of why
cybersecurity is so critical in today's world,
and what it means to be safe and secure online.
We move onto what it means to maintain a secure infrastructure,
and administer a system that meets industry security standards.
The next lesson gets you thinking like a hacker in assessing high-level risks,
vulnerabilities, threats, and attacks.
Once you know how a data breach may happen,
you need to enable adequate defenses,
which is covered in lesson 5.
With all of this knowledge,
you'll practice applying cybersecurity on a sample system using a case study.